{
  "action": "Embodies momentum, initiative, and decisive movement. Action confluence users act first, act often, and convert tempo into raw advantage. Their abilities often grant extra actions, repositioning, or chain-triggered effects.",
  "alchemy": "Represents transformation, reaction, and unstable mixtures of power. Alchemy users combine aspects into volatile brews or precise elixirs. Their abilities emphasize mixing effects, conditional triggers, and powerful but situational outcomes.",
  "ambush": "An essence of surprise, timing, and lethal openings. Ambush users strike hardest when unseen or unprepared for. Their abilities emphasize pre-combat setup, bonus damage from hidden positions, and punishing enemies who drop their guard.",
  "animate": "Embodies giving motion and will to the lifeless. Animate users awaken objects, constructs, or bodies to act on their behalf. Their abilities emphasize summoned helpers, moving scenery, and puppet-like control.",
  "anzu": "Represents a mythic storm-beast of sky and talon. Anzu users combine aerial dominance with tempest fury. Their abilities emphasize diving strikes, thunderous impacts, and storm-wreathed mobility.",
  "arsenal": "An essence of overwhelming armament and endless weaponry. Arsenal users always seem to have the perfect tool for the job. Their abilities emphasize weapon conjuration, multi-weapon barrages, and rapid switching of combat styles.",
  "avatar": "Embodies a manifested ideal or incarnated power. Avatar users become living symbols of their combined essences. Their abilities emphasize transformation, immense temporary boosts, and embodying a concept on the battlefield.",
  "battlefield": "Represents total spatial control and war-sense awareness. Battlefield users shape the flow of combat across the entire arena. Their abilities emphasize zone effects, repositioning allies and enemies, and controlling engagement ranges.",
  "behemoth": "An essence of towering mass, unstoppable advance, and crushing presence. Behemoth users turn their bodies into living sieges. Their abilities emphasize trampling, damage mitigation, and overwhelming close-quarters dominance.",
  "boundary": "Embodies limits, borders, and enforced separation. Boundary users define where combat may or may not happen. Their abilities emphasize walls, wards, thresholds, and punishing those who cross forbidden lines.",
  "bounty": "Represents reward, opportunity, and escalating stakes. Bounty users grow stronger as objectives are met or marks are claimed. Their abilities emphasize marked targets, bonus rewards for finishing foes, and resource gains for success.",
  "cataclysm": "An essence of world-shaking destruction and large-scale upheaval. Cataclysm users unleash effects that can reshape entire encounters. Their abilities emphasize massive area damage, environmental ruin, and high-risk, high-reward power.",
  "chaotic": "Embodies unpredictability, wild outcomes, and unstable synergy. Chaotic users thrive in randomness and turn disorder into advantage. Their abilities emphasize variable effects, dicey risk, and strange side benefits.",
  "charlatan": "Represents deception, false fronts, and trickster bravado. Charlatan users rely on lies, illusions, and feigned weakness. Their abilities emphasize fake-outs, bait effects, and converting bluff into real power.",
  "chimera": "Embodies hybrid monstrosity, mixed traits, and multifaceted threat. Chimera users fuse qualities from multiple beasts or elements. Their abilities emphasize multi-type attacks, adaptive defenses, and unpredictable capabilities.",
  "cyborg": "Represents fusion of flesh and machine, enhanced beyond natural limits. Cyborg users integrate technology into their bodies. Their abilities emphasize augments, built-in weaponry, and resilience against both physical and magical harm.",
  "cycle": "Embodies repetition, rebirth, and turning points. Cycle users gain strength as events repeat or phases advance. Their abilities emphasize cooldown loops, phase-based effects, and power that resets in patterned intervals.",
  "dawn": "Represents first light, new beginnings, and hope after darkness. Dawn users excel at turn-around moments and recovery after hardship. Their abilities emphasize cleansing, comeback buffs, and effects that trigger after suffering or ending night-like states.",
  "desolate": "Embodies emptiness, ruination, and lifeless ground. Desolate users strip energy and comfort from their surroundings. Their abilities emphasize debuff zones, withering conditions, and punishing those who linger.",
  "discordant": "Represents clashing notes, misalignment, and weaponized disagreement. Discordant users break harmony and create openings through disruption. Their abilities emphasize debuffed coordination, failed combos, and backlash when enemies try to work together.",
  "doom": "Embodies inevitability, cursed fate, and unstoppable collapse. Doom users mark targets with a destiny of suffering. Their abilities emphasize stacking afflictions, delayed catastrophic effects, and punishing enemies for resisting.",
  "doppelganger": "Represents mimicry, likeness, and identity theft. Doppelganger users copy others’ strengths or appearances. Their abilities emphasize duplicating skills, cloning effects, and turning opponents’ power against them.",
  "dragon": "Embodies majesty, ancient might, and elemental supremacy. Dragon users wield overwhelming force tied to primal elements. Their abilities emphasize breath attacks, soaring dominance, and scales that shrug off harm.",
  "eclipse": "Represents celestial alignment, rare conjunctions, and the masking of light with shadow. Eclipse users thrive in transitions between extremes. Their abilities emphasize alternating states, dual-aspect attacks, and power spikes during specific phases.",
  "edifice": "Embodies structure, foundation, and enduring architecture. Edifice users create monuments of force or reshape the battlefield with constructed forms. Their abilities emphasize fortification, barriers, and zone control.",
  "effigy": "Represents symbolism, carved identities, and imbued forms. Effigy users create representations that hold real power. Their abilities emphasize constructs, totems, reflective effects, and channeling through idols.",
  "empower": "Embodies augmentation, inspiration, and amplifying potential. Empower users fuel allies or themselves with heightened strength. Their abilities emphasize buffs, enhanced rolls, and supercharging abilities temporarily.",
  "fertile": "Represents abundance, growth, and accelerated blooming. Fertile users cultivate power rapidly. Their abilities emphasize summons, regeneration, spawning effects, and rapid buildup of resources.",
  "fey": "Embodies trickery, illusion, glamour, and primal enchantment. Fey users draw on whimsical yet dangerous magic. Their abilities emphasize charm, glamours, unpredictable boons, and nature-tinged mischief.",
  "firebird": "Represents cyclical rebirth through flame and radiant combustion. Firebird users revive from defeat and rise stronger. Their abilities emphasize resurrection-like effects, fire storms, and phoenix-like retaliatory bursts.",
  "force": "Embodies kinetic might, invisible pressure, and outright physical dominance. Force users manipulate raw telekinetic or gravitic push and pull. Their abilities emphasize knockback, shields, barriers, and overwhelming pressure strikes.",
  "forge": "Represents creation through heat, impact, and refined craft. Forge users combine fire, metal, and technique. Their abilities emphasize weapon empowerment, creation of temporary gear, and molten transformations.",
  "fortress": "Embodies impenetrability, defensive mastery, and unbreakable stands. Fortress users excel at absorbing or diverting damage. Their abilities emphasize barriers, taunts, damage redirection, and last-stand resilience.",
  "garuda": "Represents sky-sovereignty, divine winds, and blinding speed. Garuda users strike with hurricane force and avian grace. Their abilities emphasize rapid aerial attacks, whirlwind mobility, and wind-based shielding.",
  "gate": "Embodies transition, portals, and controlled passage between states or places. Gate users manipulate entry, exit, and connectivity. Their abilities emphasize teleportation, dimensional pockets, and gating projectiles or allies.",
  "glimeron": "Represents venomous mirage, shimmering toxins, and deceptive strikes. Glimeron users blend illusion with poison. Their abilities emphasize venom illusions, phased infiltrations, and damage-over-time hidden behind trickery.",
  "gorgon": "Embodies petrification, curse-laden gaze, and serpentine menace. Gorgon users freeze foes physically or magically. Their abilities emphasize immobilization, stacking penalties, and gaze-based debuffs.",
  "griffin": "Represents nobility, hybrid vigor, and aerial hunting mastery. Griffin users strike with coordinated might of beast and bird. Their abilities emphasize leaping attacks, high-altitude charges, and guardian-like protection.",
  "guardian": "Embodies vigilant protection, warding presence, and barrier-focused control. Guardian users anchor allies with unwavering defense. Their abilities emphasize shielding, intercepting attacks, and aura-based protection.",
  "harpy": "Represents shrieking wind, sonic manipulation, and predatory cunning. Harpy users weaponize sound and aerial maneuvering. Their abilities emphasize sonic damage, disorientation, and dive-bomb harassment.",
  "harvest": "Embodies taking, reaping, and gathering strength from the fallen. Harvest users draw power from defeat or decay. Their abilities emphasize resource gain from kills, debuff siphoning, and turning battlefield aftermath into fuel.",
  "hydra": "Represents multiplicity, regeneration, and relentless assault. Hydra users grow stronger when harmed or split their influence across many attacks. Their abilities emphasize multi-strike patterns, regeneration, and summoned heads or limbs.",
  "immortal": "Embodies endurance, undying resolve, and refusal to fall. Immortal users persist beyond normal limits. Their abilities emphasize delayed damage, preventing death, long-term buffs, and resurrection-like survivability.",
  "juggernaut": "Embodies unstoppable momentum, brute force, and overwhelming forward drive. Juggernaut users build power the longer they keep moving. Their abilities emphasize charges, immunity to control effects, and crushing impacts that ignore defenses.",
  "karmic": "Represents cosmic balance, fate correction, and mirrored consequence. Karmic users cause actions to rebound upon their originators. Their abilities emphasize reactive damage, fate links, and rebalancing the battlefield through enforced symmetry.",
  "kraken": "Embodies abyssal might, constricting limbs, and aquatic domination. Kraken users overwhelm from all directions. Their abilities emphasize grapples, multi-limb attacks, dragging foes into hazards, and wide-area pressure waves.",
  "leviathan": "Represents titanic mass, oceanic depth, and crushing inevitability. Leviathan users command overwhelming scale. Their abilities emphasize tidal force, immense durability, and battlefield-shaping waves or floods.",
  "lotus": "Embodies serenity, purification, and transcendent calm. Lotus users harmonize natural and spiritual energy. Their abilities emphasize healing, cleansing conditions, defensive auras, and tranquil yet potent strikes.",
  "magitech": "Represents fusion between arcane power and engineered precision. Magitech users channel technology enhanced by magic. Their abilities emphasize modular enhancements, energy circuits, summoned devices, and spell-engine hybrids.",
  "manticore": "Embodies venomous ferocity, ranged brutality, and predatory cunning. Manticore users wield toxic projectiles and savage melee. Their abilities emphasize tail stings, poisonous volleys, and sustained pressure from range.",
  "master": "Represents perfect technique, refined discipline, and honed skill. Master users excel where others rely on raw power. Their abilities emphasize combo sequences, precision bonuses, stance changes, and unrivaled weapon mastery.",
  "ministration": "Embodies gentle restoration, sacred guidance, and compassionate intervention. Ministration users uplift allies with warmth. Their abilities emphasize targeted healing, protective blessings, and removing suffering.",
  "minotaur": "Represents labyrinthine power, reckless charge, and towering fury. Minotaur users overwhelm with brute strength and relentless pursuit. Their abilities emphasize gore attacks, maze-like battlefield control, and unstoppable rushing strikes.",
  "mirage": "Embodies deceptive projection, heat shimmer, and illusionary evasion. Mirage users create false images and refracted realities. Their abilities emphasize clones, misdirection, invisibility windows, and disorienting feints.",
  "monolith": "Represents massive immobility, absolute stability, and immovable presence. Monolith users become bulwarks against chaos. Their abilities emphasize anchoring zones, absorbing area attacks, and becoming unshakably rooted.",
  "mystic": "Embodies esoteric insight, arcane weave, and veil-piercing perception. Mystic users draw upon obscure truths. Their abilities emphasize divination, spell amplification, hidden knowledge, and unpredictable magical effects.",
  "nebula": "Represents stellar dust, diffuse power, and clouded brilliance. Nebula users wield cosmic haze. Their abilities emphasize obscuring fields, radiant bursts, gravity distortions, and drifting starfire damage.",
  "nemesis": "Embodies targeted retribution, singular obsession, and perfect counters. Nemesis users focus on one foe with ruthless efficiency. Their abilities emphasize marked targets, escalating damage, and predictive counters.",
  "oasis": "Embodies relief within hardship, restorative abundance, and peaceful shelter. Oasis users create sanctuaries amid combat. Their abilities emphasize zone healing, purification pools, and regenerative wells.",
  "ocean": "Represents vast expanse, ceaseless tides, and engulfing power. Ocean users command boundless water movement. Their abilities emphasize sweeping currents, undertow pull, mass displacement, and flooding zones.",
  "onslaught": "Embodies pure offensive momentum, unrelenting fury, and rapid movement. Onslaught users strike in seamless flurries. Their abilities emphasize extra actions, chained hits, dash-attacks, and overwhelming pressure.",
  "gravity": "Represents force, attraction, and inexorable weight. Gravity users crush, bind, and distort movement. Their abilities emphasize force wells, orbit traps, and mass-shifting impact.",
  "abyss": "Embodies unfathomable depth, shadowed infinity, and cosmic despair. Abyss users draw strength from the unknown beneath existence. Their abilities emphasize consuming darkness, psychic pressure, and bottomless pull.",
  "phantasmagoria": "Represents overwhelming illusion, surreal visions, and dream-warped environments. Phantasmagoria users distort reality into chaotic spectacles. Their abilities emphasize multi-layered illusions, cascading phantasms, and reality-bending terror.",
  "phoenix": "Embodies rebirth, burning spirit, and triumphant return. Phoenix users flare brightest when falling. Their abilities emphasize resurrection triggers, flame healing, fiery retaliation, and explosive comeback bursts.",
  "predatory": "Represents focused hunting instinct, territorial control, and lethal ambush tactics. Predatory users behave like apex hunters. Their abilities emphasize tracking, pouncing strikes, bleed effects, and momentum from isolating prey.",
  "prison": "Embodies confinement, restriction, and absolute containment. Prison users trap foes mentally or physically. Their abilities emphasize barriers, shackles, space-lock effects, and inescapable sealing zones.",
  "prosperity": "Represents abundance, fortune, and positive growth. Prosperity users elevate allies and increase overall advantage. Their abilities emphasize resource generation, buff amplification, and battlefield-wide boons.",
  "refracting": "Embodies crystalline splitting, mirrored energy, and prism-channelled power. Refracting users break effects into multiple angles. Their abilities emphasize duplicated attacks, beam refractions, and splitting projectiles.",
  "resonating": "Represents harmonic vibration, echoing force, and frequency manipulation. Resonating users amplify effects through rhythm. Their abilities emphasize reverberating damage, sonic pulses, chain reactions, and vibration-based disruption.",
  "roc": "Embodies immense aerial power, sweeping dominance, and sky-rending force. Roc users strike with overwhelming momentum, using altitude and velocity to crush foes.",
  "sacrifice": "Represents willingly giving power, vitality, or advantage to achieve greater results. Sacrifice users burn their own strength for devastating or miraculous effects.",
  "scribe": "Embodies inscription, knowledge preservation, and arcane recording. Scribe users channel written power, imprint effects, and rewrite magical states.",
  "serpent": "Represents cunning motion, venomous precision, and flowing predation. Serpent users strike quickly, coil around weaknesses, and deliver debilitating toxins.",
  "simulacrum": "Embodies duplication, false bodies, and crafted replicas. Simulacrum users create stand-ins, illusory doubles, and echo-selves to confuse or outmaneuver foes.",
  "skirmish": "Represents mobility-based combat, light assaults, and tactical repositioning. Skirmish users excel at darting strikes, disengaging, and exploiting openings.",
  "sky": "Embodies celestial height, radiant wind, and sunlit elevation. Sky users channel upper-air energy, light currents, and purifying atmospheric power.",
  "soaring": "Represents free movement, unbound momentum, and effortless flight. Soaring users ride air currents, accelerate rapidly, and maneuver with unmatched grace.",
   "sovereign": "Embodies absolute authority, regal force, and command over others. Sovereign users exert dominance, impose will, and reshape the battlefield with rulership energy.",
  "stellar": "Represents star-born radiance, cosmic pressure, and astral brilliance. Stellar users channel starlight, burning illumination, and far-reaching celestial power.",
  "storm": "Embodies violent weather, thunderous force, and chaotic momentum. Storm users unleash lightning, roaring winds, and explosive atmospheric surges.",
  "succubus": "Represents seductive influence, draining charm, and corrupting allure. Succubus users siphon vitality, manipulate desires, and weaken foes through temptation.",
  "swarm": "Embodies sheer numbers, overwhelming presence, and collective instinct. Swarm users create, command, or mimic masses of smaller entities in coordinated assault.",
  "talisman": "Represents protective wards, stored magic, and symbolic power. Talisman users imprint spells into objects, release charges, and channel anchored effects.",
  "thunderbird": "Embodies storm-winged fury, electrical might, and sky-borne dominance. Thunderbird users call thunder, ride winds, and strike with shocking aerial attacks.",
  "time": "Represents temporal manipulation, acceleration, delay, and chronal echoes. Time users bend the flow of events, alter pacing, and distort causality.",
  "tranquil": "Embodies deep calm, gentle restoration, and soothing clarity. Tranquil users quiet turmoil, ease wounds, and radiate stabilizing serenity.",
  "transfiguration": "Represents dramatic physical alteration, metamorphosis, and adaptive form. Transfiguration users reshape bodies, enhance features, or assume powerful morphs.",
  "transgression": "Embodies taboo power, boundary-breaking, and forbidden shifts. Transgression users violate natural limits, stealing or corrupting energies beyond their domain.",
  "troll": "Represents brutal resilience, regenerative violence, and monstrous endurance. Troll users recover quickly, strike hard, and outlast opponents through raw toughness.",
  "twilight": "Embodies dusk-bound balance, fading light, and merging duality. Twilight users blend light and dark energies, shifting between day and night aspects fluidly.",
   "undeath": "Represents immortal decay, necrotic vitality, and persistence beyond death. Undeath users drain life, animate corpses, and survive through unnatural endurance.",
  "unity": "Embodies perfect synergy, merging forces, and synchronized power. Unity users combine traits, blend energies, and amplify allies through shared purpose.",
  "verdant": "Represents flourishing growth, wild plantlife, and regenerative nature. Verdant users evoke vines, overgrowth, and natural healing surges.",
  "vessel": "Embodies containment, channeling, and the storage of great energy. Vessel users hold vast power, redirect magical forces, or become conduits for external strength.",
  "vision": "Represents revelation, foresight, and clarity beyond the physical. Vision users perceive hidden truths, anticipate danger, and unveil concealed energies.",
  "volcano": "Embodies eruptive fire, molten force, and destructive upheaval. Volcano users summon lava, explosive flames, and earth-rending shockwaves.",
  "vortex": "Represents spiraling power, consuming force, and gravitational pull. Vortex users twist space, create suction currents, and implode or explode energy flows.",
  "weave": "Embodies intricate patterns, interlocking magic, and subtle control. Weave users thread energy lines, bind effects, and manipulate complex interactions.",
  "wendigo": "Represents ravenous hunger, cold fury, and predatory obsession. Wendigo users drain warmth, consume strength, and grow more powerful through insatiable appetite.",
  "wrath": "Embodies righteous fury, relentless aggression, and explosive battle force. Wrath users channel anger into devastating attacks and overwhelming momentum.",
  "ziz": "Represents colossal sky-soaring majesty, winds of creation, and storm-born sovereignty. Ziz users harness titanic aerial power, command tempests, and dominate the heavens."
}
